# Los-Angeles-Galaxy-FIFA-24-Scouting-Tool

The beautiful game of soccer (or football, for my fellow Europeans), with its deep tactical intricacies and global fanbase, has always been among my greatest passions. Growing up watching legendary matches such as the Greece 2004 European triumph, and following the rise of iconic and generational players, I have developed a profound appreciation for the sport's complexity and strategic genius behind team formations and player selections. Being a fan of the FIFA franchise for more than 20 years now, I spent a considerable amount of time building the team of my dreams in career mode (non-FUT fanatics will know this feeling) and I always tried to keep it realistic as far as the budget and recruitment strategies go. Since FIFA is a virtual simulation of the beautiful game, despite its limitations, it can serve as a decent tool for player and team performance respectively. With that in mind, and having thousands of career mode simulations throughout my managerial FIFA career, I decided to build a model that can help teams with their recruitment strategy.  Having recently moved to Los Angeles, I could not help myself but pick the legendary LA Galaxy as my team of choice, who have been arguably struggling for the last few seasons. With this model, I ended up with a few player shortlists for the Galaxy's defense, midfield, and of course attack. With the new MLS season ready to begin in a few weeks, I cannot wait to see how the new transfers will adapt to the league and whether any of them will match the shortlists (let dreamers dream)!
